- [Instructor] Following the direction
of our h plus IT Director,
we began investigating how to cluster some paired instances,
and found out that clustering is done a little different
than in glass fish.
This is because the cluster feature has been deprecated
in favor of creating a deployment group,
which can contain one or more server instances.
For this lesson we'll be using
from our practice files zero four underscore zero six begin.
Please make sure that the source files are compiled
and ready to go before we continue.
To create a deployment group,
we'll simply click on the deployment groups
on the left navigation,
click New and type in the name of our group.
Here we'll type h plus group.
Click okay.
From there we have this table of deployment groups
with currently only one listing.
Click on the link, and then click on the Instances tab.
From here, we'll add our instances to the deployment group.
Click New, we'll type h plus server dash zero zero one,
leave the other fields in their default configuration.
Click okay.
Now we're going to do it again.
We're going to add a second instance
to our deployment group.
We'll call this one h plus dash server dash zero zero two.
And we'll click okay.
So now we have two instances
on our deployment group called h plus group,
and you'll notice that both instances are stopped.
To start these instances we'll click on both check boxes,
and then click start.
Click okay.
You may get this informational dialogue stating
that a long running process has been detected.
This is normal and often occurs
when any process might take too long.
And of course this is informational.
And is happening here because we started two instances.
We'll let this continue and finish.
With both processes complete,
we can now see that each instance are started and running.
If we click on server instance one,
we see that it's running on http ports of 24848 28080
and 28181.
Clicking on instance two,
we see this one's running on 49 81 and 82
of those respective ports.
If we go over to the terminal window,
and type ps dash ef pipe, grep Java,
this will demonstrate
that we have three separate Java processes running now
for each instance.
At the bottom of the page we have our instance name,
h plus server zero two, and that the type is an instance.
If we scroll up to the next Java process,
we see that the instance name
is h plus server zero zero one,
and that it's type is instance.
And if we scroll to the next Java process,
we see that the type here is a DAS
and that the instance name is server.
Going back to the web console,
we can see that clicking on applications
our h plus simple application is currently deployed.
And if we click on it, we see that it resides on the DAS
on the server.
Since we've created the deployment group,
we want to make a distinction now between the DAS,
the Domain Administration Server and the instances,
of h plus server zero zero one
and h plus servers zero zero two, that are also live.
If we click on one of the instances,
h plus servers, zero one and click on applications,
we see that no application is deployed.
Likewise for h plus zero zero two,
no application is deployed.
This is an important thing to remember.
Because an application deployed
to the DAS cannot necessarily be considered highly available
or load balanced.
The application must be clustered.
In our case deploy to a deployment group.
Let's go back to our applications,
and we're going to deploy again.
This time choosing our file, from four zero six begin,
in the build directory libs our war file, click okay,
we're going to scroll down to the bottom.
We're going to select our h plus group.
Click add and click okay.
Now an error has occurred.
The reason is because the application h plus simple
is already deployed to other targets.
We're required to remove it if we want to deploy it
to the deployment group.
So let's do that.
Click on applications, click check, undeploy, click okay.
Now Click on applications again. We can see it's empty.
So now let's deploy to our deployment group.
Click deploy, choose the file,
again make sure you're using zero four zero six begin.
Go to the build, Libs directory, select the war, click open.
We'll scroll to the bottom,
this time elect our h plus group, click add and click okay.
And the application was deployed to our deployment group.
If we click on the launch,
we can see now that the application lives
on two separate instances and runs on the unsecured port
and the secure port.
If we validate and click
on one of these, we can see that it was deployed.